Phase 5 Requirements - Picking up Items and Inventory

General Idea:
This phase introduces the concept of inventory, know-how (activity knowledge), discovery, and orders

A. New ItemType: Gourd
    1. Gourd belongs to Category Plant
        i. Flowers, Berries, and Mushrooms are also Plants
        ii. Plants are a kind of item that can spawn on the map at world creation, reproduce,
            and potentially die.
        iii. Plants may be edible and poison or healing. Some other categories will not be able to have these properties.
        iv.  Mushrooms, Berries, and Flowers are also Plants
    2. Gourds can be: white, green, yellow, orange, tan
    3. Gourds can have Pattern: striped ("likes stripes"), speckled ("likes speckles") or no pattern
    4. Gourds can have texture: warty, waxy, or no texture
    5. Gourd follows the same spawning and reproduction rules as mushrooms
    6. Gourds are edible.
        i. just like any other edible item, this can cause preference formation
        ii. just like any other edible item, this should become available on character creation as a favorite food option
    7. Gourds are never poison or healing.
    8. Just like any other item, character can look at gourds, and have chance to form preference for looking
B. New Idle Activity: Forage
    1. A new random option for idle activity is forage
    2. Foraging is always available to all characters (no know-how required)
    3. A foraging character will go to a nearby EDIBLE item based on preference/distance score
    4. Instead of consuming the item, they will pick up the item
        i. picking up the item removes it from the map
        ii. picking up the item places it in the character's inventory
        iii. character can carry one item at a time
        iv.  if their inventory is full, then foraging is not available as an idle activity
C. Character has inventory view
    1. When a character is selected, the user has an option to press 'i' for the bottom panel
        to show 'Inventory'
    2. When the inventory is viewed, it will say 'Carrying [item]' for each item that is carried
D. Character will eat edible carried items if mildly or more hungry (distance counts as -1 for calculation)
    1. when item is consumed, should have all the existing effects of consumption, based on its attributes
    2. when item is consumed, it is removed from inventory/world
    3. when item is consumed, leaving inventory empty, foraging becomes available as a possible idle activity again
E. New kind of knowledge: 'Know-how'
    1. Current knowledge about healing and poison are 'Facts'
    2. New kind of knowledge is 'Know-How', which is learned activities they know how to do
    3. When a character is engaged in certain activities, there's a chance they will discover related know-how
    4. Unlike facts, know-how cannot be transmitted by talking
    5. 'Harvest' know-how: gathering a specific item type according to a plan (user order)
        i. Distinct from foraging: foraging is instinctive (grab what's nearby/preferred),
           harvesting is intentional (seek out a particular item type as directed)
        ii. Chance of discovering Harvest know-how when: foraging, eating, or looking at an edible item
        iii. Harvesting may become more complex in future phases (e.g., tools, processing)
F. User can request that a worker Harvest
    1. There is a new view, on keypress O an 'Orders' panel replaces the details/log panels.
    2. This will show a list of all ordered activities
    3. It will also have an option to add a new order
    4. When a user is adding a new order, they will see a list of all orderable activities (ie, known by at least one living Characterr)
    5. Harvest is an orderable activity
        i. When the user selects Harvest as an order, they will be prompted to select an edible item (out of list of all edible items)
        ii. Harvest Activity: a harvesting character picks up the nearest requested item type
            the activity is complete when their carrying capacity is full (currently 1 item)
    6. The new order now shows at the bottom of the orders list, as "Harvest [items]"
    7. The next time a character who has the know-how to harvest becomes idle, they will take the order instead of doing a random idle activity
        i. taking an order shown in activity log
    8. Orders are interruptable by moderate or higher needs, pausing it
        i. if the order is interrupted by a character need, the character will start doing that task again once their moderate need(s) are fufilled and they are eligible to work again
    9. Orders can be abandoned if unfufillable (ie Harvest Gourds, but there are no Gourds on the map)
        i. abandoned orders removed from order list
        ii. abandoned orders shown in activity log
    10. Order list will show if the order is open, assigned, paused
    11. Orders are removed from the order list when they are completed

Implementation Notes:
- Make sure its easy to add new activities in the future. Activities have two orthogonal properties:
    1. Intent formation:
        - Automatic: triggered by needs or chosen as idle activity (eating, drinking, looking, foraging)
        - Orderable: triggered by user orders (harvesting)
    2. Availability:
        - Default: available to all characters (eating, drinking, looking, foraging)
        - Know-how: requires discovery before character can perform (harvesting)
    3. Each discoverable know-how activity has certain conditions under which it has a chance of discovery
        - For example, next phase will have the know-how of making a hollow gourd container,
          which would have a chance of discovery when eating or looking at a gourd
- The reason for introducing item category of Plant is to differentiate from non-spawning items in future,
  like said hollow gourd container


