#Phase IV:   Basic Knowledge and Transmission

##General Idea

Characters have a list of knowledge they can add to, as they gain experience.
That knowledge can impact their preferences and seeking behavior.
We will introduce the basic structure of character knowledge, and mechanisms for acting on that knowledge.
Future vision is for characters to be able to transmit pieces of their knowledge through
talking, training, or items they create.
    - Char Learns what is healing and poisonous by experience
    - User can toggle one of the panels in select mode to show knowledge for that char with a keypress
    - Char Acts based on knowledge
    - Knowledge of poison item causes preference for exact combination to decrease
    - Char Seeks healing when health is poor or more (intent selection based on need hierarchy)
    - Healing considered a partial match when health is poor or lower

##Requirements

A. Character gains knowledge by experience
    1. When a character eats a poisonous item, they gain the knowledge "[items] are poisonous"
    2. When a character eats a healing item, they gain the knowledge "[items] are healing"
B. User can see Character's knowledge
    1. When in select mode, the user sees a hint that a key press will toggle the action log to a "Knowledge" panel
        a. Question:  Given that the game will expand to have both more details, and more select mode specific keystrokes
            Does it make sense to show these hints in the status bar or in the details panel?
    2. In the Knowledge panel, the user sees a scrollable list of things the character has learned
C. Poison knowledge creates dislike
    1. When the character learns that something is poisonous, it is affected by an opinion for a specifc combo (up to 3 units, eg 'Spotted Slimy Mushroom' or 'Spotted Blue Mushroom' )
E. Healing Knowledge creates new intent and seeking
F. Healing Knowledge creates conditional matching logic for food
G. Action Log [Char] Learned something!
H. New Action: Talking
I. Talking has chance to transmit knowledge

