I. Character moves towards items based on preference

1. Design a game that is just a character represented by a unicode symbol on a blank map
2. Place berries represented by the appropriate unicode symbol on the map
3. Place mushrooms represented by the appropriate unicode symbol on the map
4. Allow the user to choose whether the character has a preference for mushrooms or berries
5. When the user makes a selection, then the character will move towards the nearest item of the preferred type and consume it
6. If there are no items of the preferred type on the map, then the character will remain stationary

II. User can pause action and view entity attributes

1. Allow user to pause and unpause action using the spacebar
2. Allow the user to move a cursor around the map using the arrow keys
3. When the cursor is over an entity, display the entity's attributes in a sidebar
4. When the selected entity is a character, provide an option to use 'f' to follow the character, so that the details sidebar stays with it as it moves.

III. Entities have attributes and characters can have attribute preferences

1. berries can either be red or blue
2. mushrooms can be brown, white, or red
3. On the starting screen, the user can choose a favorite food and a favorite color
4. Characters will prefer to move towards items that match both their favorite food and favorite color first
5. If no items match both preferences, characters will move towards items that match either their favorite
6. If no items match either preference, characters will remain stationary

IV. Characters can experience hunger, poisoning, and death

1. Characters have a hunger attribute that increases over time, shown in details sidebar
2. When hunger reaches a midpoint threshold, characters will seek out food items to consume
3. Characters have a health attribute that decreases over time when hunger is at maximum, shown in details sideba
4. Consuming food items reduces hunger
5. Some food items have a chance to be poisonous based on their type and color
    a. If an item is poisonous, that attribute is displayed in the details sidebar when selected
6. If a character consumes a poisonous item, they will experience negative effects such as reduced movement and reduced health over time during the duration of the poisoned status
    a. Poisoned status lasts for a set duration before wearing off
    b. Poisoned characters change to green color while poisoned and the status is displayed in the details sidebar
7. If a character's health reaches zero, they will die and be removed from the map

V. Current Activity and Action Log

1. Characters have a current activity attribute that indicates what they are doing (e.g., "Idle", "Moving to [item]", "Consuming [item]")
2. The current activity is displayed in the details sidebar when the character is selected
3. An action log is maintained that records significant events for each character (e.g., "Started moving to [item]", "Consumed [item]", "Became poisoned", "Died)
4. The action log is visible as another sidebar panel when a character is selected, allowing the user to see live updates when following, and scroll through past events

VI Thirst and Sleep

A. Thirst

1. Characters have a stat called Thirst that starts at 50 and increases over time
2. When thirst reaches 50, the character will become thirsty and seek out the nearest source of preferred drink. If they do not have a drink preference, then they will move towards the nearest drink. Preferences that impact drink choice will be added in future.
3. When thirst reaches 75, the character will become very thirsty, and seek out the nearest drinks ource, regardless of preferences. Preferences that affect drink choice to be added in future.
4. When thirst reaches 90, the character will become parched, and speed will decrease (this stacks with other effects)
5. When thirst reached 100, the character will become dehydrated and will begin to lose health over time, and speed will decrease (this stacks with poison effect)
6. There is a landscape feature called a 'spring' that is represented on the map by a light blue symbol, one per map
7. The character can use the spring to drink water, decreasing its thirst
:8. The spring feature continues to exist and be available for drinking water after being used by the character

B. Sleep

1. Characters have a stat called Energy that starts at 100 and decreases over time
2. Energy decreases faster with movement
3. When energy reaches 50, the character will become tired and will move towards anything they can use as a bed
4. When energy reaches 25, the character will become very tired and speed will decrease (this stacks with other effects)
5. When energy reaches 10, the character will become exhausted and speed will decrease
6. When energy reaches 0, the character will fall asleep on the spot
7. If the character is targetting a bed, and they reach it, they will sleep, restoring energy quickly over time. They will wake up when they reach 100.
8. If the character is not at a bed when they fall asleep, they will restore energy at a a slower rate, waking then they reach 75 energy.
9. There is a landscape feature called a 'leaf pile' that can be used as a bed, represented by an orange symbol; There are two leaf piles on the map
10. While using the bed, a sleeping character occupies the same spot on the map
11. The 'leaf pile' feature continues to exist and be available for sleeping after the character moves on

C. Stat interactions

1. The character intent will be determined by whichever stat is closest to the most urgent state
2. If one stat becomes more urgent, then the character will change intent, interrupting current movement
3. If the character is asleep, and another stat reaches a more urgent tier than energy is at, then the character will wake up
4. Show speed as a number statistic in details section

VII - new control - step forward by one move
1. Add a new keypress command to step forward by one 'move' while paused
2. Define a 'move' as the number of ticks it takes for a character to move by one coordinate while operating at 50 speed
3.

